Resolved Command Event to just Command, with minimal changes (#262)
confluentinc/event-streaming-patterns: docs/event/event.md

* For cloud-based architectures, evaluate the use of [CloudEvents](https://cloudevents.io/). CloudEvents provide a standardized [Event Envelope](../event/event-envelope.md) that wraps an event, making common event properties such as source, type, time, and ID universally accessible, regardless of how the event itself was serialized.

> * In certain scenarios, Events may represent commands (instructions, actions, and so on) that should be carried out by an Event Processor reading the events. See the [Command](../event/command.md) pattern for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In certain scenarios, Events may be interpreted as commands (instructions, actions, and so on) that should be carried out by an Event Processor reading the events. See the [Command](../event/command.md) pattern for details.
```

Reviewer: As a best practice, I'd always emit the event as an event, with no intention of treating it as a command. If the consumer wants to interpret it as a command, that's their choice.

Author: Yes, I concur with that! Thank you!
